README.md, before:

# Spotify Accounts Authentication Examples

This project contains basic demos showing the different OAuth 2.0 flows for [authenticating against the Spotify Web API](https://developer.spotify.com/web-api/authorization-guide/).

These examples cover:

* Authorization Code flow
* Client Credentials flow
* Implicit Grant flow

## Installation

These examples run on Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

## Running the examples
In order to run the different examples, open the folder with the name of the flow you want to try out, and run its `app.js` file. For instance, to run the Authorization Code example do:

    $ cd authorization_code
    $ node app.js

Then, open `http://localhost:8888` in a browser.

### Using your own credentials
The examples contains a working client ID and secret key. Note, however, that they might be rate limited if they are used frequently. If you are planning to create an application, we recommend you register your app and get your own credentials instead of using the ones in this project.

Go to [My Applications on Spotify Developer](https://developer.spotify.com/my-applications) and create your application. For the examples, we registered these Redirect URIs:

* http://localhost:8888 (needed for the implicit grant flow)
* http://localhost:8888/callback

Once you have created your app, replace the `client_id`, `redirect_uri` and `client_secret` in the examples with the ones you get from My Applications.

Commit message:

Update readme to remove the reference to the client ID and secret key that have been removed in a previous commit

README.md, after:

# Spotify Accounts Authentication Examples

This project contains basic demos showing the different OAuth 2.0 flows for [authenticating against the Spotify Web API](https://developer.spotify.com/web-api/authorization-guide/).

These examples cover:

* Authorization Code flow
* Client Credentials flow
* Implicit Grant flow

## Installation

These examples run on Node.js. On [its website](http://www.nodejs.org/download/) you can find instructions on how to install it. You can also follow [this gist](https://gist.github.com/isaacs/579814) for a quick and easy way to install Node.js and npm.

Once installed, clone the repository and install its dependencies running:

    $ npm install

### Using your own credentials
You will need to register your app and get your own credentials from the Spotify for Developers Dashboard.

To do so, go to [your Spotify for Developers Dashboard](https://beta.developer.spotify.com/dashboard) and create your application. For the examples, we registered these Redirect URIs:

* http://localhost:8888 (needed for the implicit grant flow)
* http://localhost:8888/callback

Once you have created your app, replace the `client_id`, `redirect_uri` and `client_secret` in the examples with the ones you get from My Applications.

## Running the examples
In order to run the different examples, open the folder with the name of the flow you want to try out, and run its `app.js` file. For instance, to run the Authorization Code example do:

    $ cd authorization_code
    $ node app.js

Then, open `http://localhost:8888` in a browser.
